Senior Data Scientist, Product @ Robinhood — Menlo Park, CA
https://boards.greenhouse.io/robinhood/jobs/8080893?t=gh_src=&gh_jid=8080893

Join us in building the future of finance. Our mission is to democratize finance for all. An estimated $124 trillion of assets will be inherited by younger generations in the next two decades. The largest transfer of wealth in human history. If you’re ready to be at the epicenter of this historic cultural and financial shift, keep reading. About the team + role We are building an elite team, applying frontier technologies to the world’s biggest financial problems. We’re looking for bold thinkers. Sharp problem-solvers. Builders who are wired to make an impact. Robinhood isn’t a place for complacency, it’s where ambitious people do the best work of their careers. We’re a high-performing, fast-moving team with ethics at the center of everything we do. Expectations are high, and so are the rewards.&nbsp; The Growth team's mission is to help Robinhood grow smarter, not just faster, by pairing data-driven insights with sharp execution. We help ensure every growth investment is measurable, efficient, and delivers lasting value. We work closely with partners in Product, Paid Media, and Lifecycle Marketing to improve how we acquire users, keep them engaged, and grow their value over time. As a Senior Data Scientist, Product , you will help answer big, foundational questions to shape our premium subscription product, Robinhood Gold! In this high-impact role, you will help identify the right customers for Gold and determine which offers and incentives drive signups and retention. You will collaborate closely with partners across Product, Marketing, and Finance to prioritize key initiatives and measure business impact clearly. This position offers tremendous opportunity to influence product strategy and shape our long-term growth trajectory. This role is based in our Menlo Park, CA office, with in-person attendance expected at least 3 days per week. At Robinhood, we believe in the power of in-person work to accelerate progress, spark innovation, and strengthen community. Our office experience is intentional, energizing, and designed to fully support high-performing teams.&nbsp; What you’ll do Support the Growth org, focusing on Gold subscriptions. Design and analyze experiments to test new features, offers, and campaign strategies. Analyze customer behavior and identify new opportunities to grow Gold through improved targeting, retention, and messaging. Collaborate with partners in Product, Marketing, and Finance to prioritize key initiatives and measure business impact clearly. What you bring You have 5+ years of experience in data science, analytics, or a related field. You have experience as a Product Data Scientist or in a similar role, partnering closely with product teams to directly shape product strategy and roadmap decisions. You have strong proficiency in SQL and Python for data analysis and modeling. You have experience designing experiments and interpreting results to guide product decisions. Experience with data visualization tools and techniques. Ability to successfully implement projects and compete in a fast-paced environment. Bonus points if you have experience with subscription, recurring-revenue, or membership business models. What we offer Challenging, high-impact work to grow your career. Performance-driven compensation with multipliers for outsized impact, bonus programs, equity ownership, and 401(k) matching. Best-in-class benefits to fuel your work, including 100% paid health insurance for employees with 90% coverage for dependents. Lifestyle wallet — a highly flexible benefits spending account for wellness, learning, and more. Employer-paid life &amp; disability insurance, fertility benefits, and mental health benefits. Time off to recharge including company holidays, paid time off, sick time, parental leave, and more! Exceptional office experience with catered meals, events, and comfortable workspaces. In addition to the base pay range listed below, this role is also eligible for bonus opportunities + equity + benefits. Base pay for the successful applicant will depend on a variety of job-related factors, which may include education, training, experience, location, business needs, or market demands. The expected base pay range for this role is based on the location where the work will be performed and is aligned to one of 3 compensation zones. For other locations not listed, compensation can be discussed with your recruiter during the interview process. Base Pay Range: Zone 1 (Menlo Park, CA; New York, NY; Bellevue, WA; Washington, DC) $179,000 &mdash; $210,000 USD Zone 2 (Denver, CO; Westlake, TX; Chicago, IL) $157,000 &mdash; $185,000 USD Zone 3 (Lake Mary, FL; Clearwater, FL; Gainesville, FL) $139,000 &mdash; $164,000 USD Click here to learn more about our Total Rewards, which vary by region and entity. If our mission energizes you and you’re ready to build the future of finance, we look forward to seeing your application. Robinhood provides equal opportunity for all applicants, offers reasonable accommodations upon request, and complies with applicable equal employment and privacy laws. Inclusion is built into how we hire and work—welcoming different backgrounds, perspectives, and experiences so everyone can do their best. Please review the&nbsp; Privacy Policy for your country of application.